Add highlights section to changelog (#1382)
voila-dashboards/voila: CHANGELOG.md

# Voila Changelog

## 0.5.0 - Highlights

Below are the major highlights in Voila 0.5.0

> ### New JupyterLab-based frontend.

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove the "dots" so it looks nicer?

```suggestion
### New JupyterLab-based frontend
```

In 0.5.0, the frontend of Voila is rebuilt from scratch with JupyterLab 4.0 components. The current `requirejs` + `nbextensions` approach is replaced by a JupyterLab plugin-based application.
This allows Voila to profit from all the upstream features and improvements.

### New extension loading system.

> This is a direct benefit of the new frontend, now Voila will use the same federated extension system of JupyterLab.

Reviewer: The JupyterLab docs usually refer to them as "prebuilt", so maybe we can use the same word here:

```suggestion
This is a direct benefit of the new frontend, now Voila will use the same prebuilt extension system as in JupyterLab.
```
